(a) Purchases of Class A shares in amounts of $1,000,000 or more, or by certain group retirement plans, may be subject to a 1%, 1-year contingent deferred sales charge, or CDSC, which may be subject to waiver in certain circumstances. (b) For Class C shares, the CDSC is 0% after the first year. Class C shares automatically convert to Class A shares after eight years. (c) Other Expenses includes acquired fund fees and expenses totaling less than .01%. (d) The Adviser has contractually agreed to waive its management fees and/or to bear certain expenses of the Fund until October 31, 2024 to the extent necessary to prevent total Fund operating expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, interest expense, taxes, extraordinary expenses, and brokerage commissions and other transaction costs), on an annualized basis, from exceeding 1.50%, 2.25%, 1.25%, 1.75%, 1.50% and 1.25% of average daily net assets, respectively, for Class A, Class C, Advisor Class, Class R, Class K and Class I shares. In addition, in connection with the Funds investments in AB Government Money Market Portfolio (the Money Market Portfolio) (except for the investment of any cash collateral from securities lending), the Adviser has contractually agreed to waive its management fee from the Fund and/or reimburse other expenses of the Fund in an amount equal to the Funds pro rata share of the Money Market Portfolios effective management fee. Each of the agreements will remain in effect until October 31, 2024 and may only be terminated or changed with the consent of the Funds Board of Directors. In addition, each of the agreements will be automatically extended for one-year terms unless the Adviser provides notice of termination to the Fund at least 60 days prior to the end of the period. (e) Restated to reflect current contractual fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement agreement. Examples The Examples are intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Examples assume that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Examples also assume that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Funds operating expenses stay the same and that any fee waiver remains in effect for only the first year. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be: Class A Class C Advisor Class Class R Class K Class I After 1 Year $ 571 $ 328* $ 127 $ 178 $ 153 $ 127 After 3 Years $ 883 $ 707 $ 399 $ 591 $ 514 $ 399 After 5 Years $ 1,217 $ 1,213 $ 691 $ 1,029 $ 900 $ 691 After 10 Years $ 2,159 $ 2,415 $ 1,522 $ 2,249 $ 1,982 $ 1,522 * If you did not redeem your shares at the end of the period, your expenses would be decreased by approximately $100. Portfolio Turnover The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys or sells securities (or turns over its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These transaction costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Examples, affect the Funds performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Funds portfolio turnover rate was 205% of the average value of its portfolio. PRINCIPAL STRATEGIES Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities of U.S. companies. For purposes of this policy, equity securities include common stock, preferred stock and derivatives related to common and preferred stocks. The Adviser selects investments for the Fund through an intensive bottom-up approach that places an emphasis on companies that are engaged in business activities with solid long-term growth potential and operating in industries with high barriers to entry, that have strong cash flows and other financial metrics, and that have transparent financial statements and business models. The Adviser also evaluates the quality of company management based on a series of criteria, including: (1) managements focus on shareholder returns, such as through a demonstrated commitment to dividends and dividend growth, share buybacks or other shareholder-friendly corporate actions; (2) managements employment of conservative accounting methodologies; (3) management incentives, such as direct equity ownership; and (4) management accessibility. The Adviser seeks to identify companies where events or catalysts may drive the companys share price higher, such as earnings and/or revenue growth above consensus forecasts, potential market recognition of undervaluation or overstated market-risk discount, or the institution of shareholder-focused changes discussed in the preceding sentence. In light of this catalyst-focused approach, the Adviser expects to engage in active and frequent trading for the Fund. The Adviser may reduce or eliminate the Funds holdings in a companys securities for a number of reasons, including if its evaluation of the above factors changes adversely, if the anticipated events or catalysts do not occur or do not affect the price of the securities as expected, or if the anticipated events or catalysts do occur and cause the securities to be, in the Advisers view, overvalued or fully valued. At any given time the Fund may emphasize growth stocks over value stocks, or vice versa. The Funds investments will be focused on securities of companies with large and medium market capitalizations, but it may also invest in securities of small-capitalization companies. The Fund may invest in non-U.S. companies, but will limit its investments in such companies to no more than 10% of its net assets. The Fund may purchase securities in initial public offerings (IPOs) and expects to do so on a regular basis. S-2