PRINCIPAL RISKS Market Risk: The value of the Funds assets will fluctuate as the market or markets in which the Fund invests fluctuate. The value of the Funds investments may decline, sometimes rapidly and unpredictably, simply because of economic changes or other events, including public health crises (including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness) and regional and global conflicts, that affect large portions of the market. It includes the risk that a particular style of investing may be underperforming the market generally. Sector Risk: The Fund may have more risk because it may invest to a significant extent in one or more particular market sectors, such as the information technology sector. To the extent it does so, market or economic factors affecting the relevant sector(s) could have a major effect on the value of the Funds investments. Capitalization Risk: Investments in small- and mid-capitalization companies may be more volatile than investments in large- capitalization companies. Investments in these companies may have additional risks because these companies may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources. Active Trading Risk: The Fund expects to engage in active and frequent trading of its portfolio securities and its portfolio turnover rate may greatly exceed 100%. A higher rate of portfolio turnover increases transaction costs, which may negatively affect the Funds return. In addition, a high rate of portfolio turnover may result in substantial short-term gains, which may have adverse tax consequences for Fund shareholders. IPO Risk: Securities purchased in an IPO may be subject to substantial price volatility due to one or more factors such as unseasoned trading in the securities, the lack of investor knowledge of the issuer, the lack of an operating history of the issuer, and the dependence of the issuer on key personnel, suppliers or a limited number of customers. Management Risk: The Fund is subject to management risk because it is an actively-managed investment fund. The Adviser will apply its investment techniques and risk analyses in making investment decisions for the Fund, but there is no guarantee that its techniques will produce the intended results. Some of these techniques may incorporate, or rely upon, quantitative models, but there is no guarantee that these models will generate accurate forecasts, reduce risk or otherwise perform as expected. As with all investments, you may lose money by investing in the Fund. BAR CHART AND PERFORMANCE INFORMATION The bar chart and performance information provide an indication of the historical risk of an investment in the Fund by showing: how the Funds performance changed from year to year over ten years; and how the Funds average annual returns for one, five and ten years compare to those of a broad-based securities market index. You may obtain updated performance information on the Funds website at www.abfunds.com (click on InvestmentsMutual Funds). The Funds past performance before and after taxes, of course, does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Bar Chart The annual returns in the bar chart are for the Funds Class A shares and do not reflect sales loads. If sales loads were reflected, returns would be less than those shown. Through September 30, 2023, the year-to-date unannualized return for Class A shares was 7.21%. During the period shown in the bar chart, the Funds: Best Quarter was up 17.40%, 2nd quarter, 2020; and Worst Quarter was down -19.59%, 1st quarter, 2020. S-3