 Credit Risk. Investments in fixed income and other debt securities (including bonds) and loans, (referred to below as debt instruments) are subject to the risk of non-payment of scheduled principal and interest. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may reduce the capacity of the party obligated to make principal and interest payments on such instruments and may lead to defaults. Such non-payments and defaults may reduce the value of Fund shares and income distributions. The value of debt instruments also may decline because of concerns about the issuers ability to make principal and interest payments. In addition, the credit ratings of debt instruments may be lowered if the financial condition of the party obligated to make payments with respect to such instruments deteriorates. In the event of bankruptcy of the issuer of a debt instrument, the Fund could experience delays or limitations with respect to its ability to realize the benefits of any collateral securing the instrument. In order to enforce its rights in the event of a default, bankruptcy or similar situation, the Fund may be required to retain legal or similar counsel, which may increase the Funds operating expenses and adversely affect net asset value. Interest Rate Risk. In general, the value of income securities will fluctuate based on changes in interest rates. The value of these securities is likely to increase when interest rates fall and decline when interest rates rise. Duration measures a fixed-income securitys price sensitivity to changes in the general level of interest rates. Generally, securities with longer durations or maturities are more sensitive to changes in interest rates than securities with shorter durations or maturities, causing them to be more volatile. Conversely, fixed-income securities with shorter durations or maturities will be less volatile but may provide lower returns than fixed-income securities with longer durations or maturities. In a rising interest rate environment, the duration of income securities that have the ability to be prepaid or called by the issuer may be extended. In a declining interest rate environment, the proceeds from prepaid or maturing instruments may have to be reinvested at a lower interest rate. LIBOR Risk. The London Interbank Offered Rate or LIBOR historically has been used throughout global banking and financial industries to determine interest rates for a variety of financial instruments (such as debt instruments and derivatives) and borrowing arrangements. The ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the administrator of LIBOR, ceased publishing certain LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021, and is expected to cease publishing the remaining LIBOR settings on June 30, 2023. In addition, global regulators have announced that, with limited exceptions, no new LIBOR- based contracts should be entered into after 2021. The Fund has exposure to LIBOR-based instruments. Although the transition process away from LIBOR has become increasingly well defined, the impact on certain debt securities, derivatives and other financial instruments that utilize LIBOR remains uncertain. The transition process may involve, among other things, increased volatility or illiquidity in markets for instruments that continue to rely on LIBOR, such as floating-rate debt obligations. Any effects of the transition away from LIBOR and the adoption of alternative reference rates, as well as other unforeseen effects, could result in losses to the Fund, and such effects may occur prior to the anticipated discontinuation of the remaining LIBOR settings in 2023. Furthermore, the risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR and transition to replacement rates may be exacerbated if an orderly transition to an alternative reference rate is not completed in a timely manner. Lower Rated Investments Risk. Investments rated below investment grade and comparable unrated investments (sometimes referred to as junk) have speculative characteristics because of the credit risk associated with their issuers. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances typically have a greater effect on the ability of issuers of lower rated investments to make principal and interest payments than they do on issuers of higher rated investments. An economic downturn generally leads to a higher non-payment rate, and a lower rated investment may lose significant value before a default occurs. Lower rated investments typically are subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher rated investments. U.S. Government Securities Risk. Although certain U.S. Government-sponsored agencies (such as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association) may be chartered or sponsored by acts of Congress, their securities are neither issued nor guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury. U.S. Treasury securities generally have a lower return than other obligations because of their higher credit quality and market liquidity. Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securities Risk. Mortgage- and asset-backed securities represent interests in pools of commercial or residential mortgages or other assets, including consumer loans or receivables. Movements in interest rates (both increases and decreases) may quickly and significantly reduce the value of certain types of mortgage- and asset- backed securities. Although certain mortgage- and asset-backed securities are guaranteed as to timely payment of interest and principal by a government entity, the market price for such securities is not guaranteed and will fluctuate. The purchase of mortgage- and asset-backed securities issued by non-government entities may entail greater risk than such securities that are issued or guaranteed by a government entity. Mortgage- and asset-backed securities issued by non-government entities may offer higher yields than those issued by government entities, but may also be subject to greater volatility than government issues and can also be subject to greater credit risk and the risk of default on the underlying mortgages or other assets. Investments in mortgage- and asset-backed securities are subject to both extension risk, where borrowers pay off their debt obligations more slowly in times of rising interest rates, and prepayment risk, where borrowers pay off their debt obligations sooner than expected in times of declining interest rates. Calvert Flexible Bond Fund 4 Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2023