 Pooled Investment Vehicles Risk. Pooled investment vehicles are open- and closed-end investment companies and exchange-traded funds (ETFs). Pooled investment vehicles are subject to the risks of investing in the underlying securities or other investments. Shares of closed-end investment companies and ETFs may trade at a premium or discount to net asset value and are subject to secondary market trading risks. In addition, the Fund will bear a pro rata portion of the operating expenses of a pooled investment vehicle in which it invests. Equity Securities Risk. The value of equity securities and related instruments may decline in response to adverse changes in the economy or the economic outlook; deterioration in investor sentiment; interest rate, currency, and commodity price fluctuations; adverse geopolitical, social or environmental developments; issuer and sector-specific considerations; unexpected trading activity among retail investors; or other factors. Market conditions may affect certain types of stocks to a greater extent than other types of stocks. If the stock market declines in value, the value of the Funds equity securities will also likely decline. Although prices can rebound, there is no assurance that values will return to previous levels. Preferred Stock Risk. Although preferred stocks represent an ownership interest in an issuer, preferred stocks generally do not have voting rights or have limited voting rights and have economic characteristics similar to fixed-income securities. Preferred stocks are subject to issuer-specific risks generally applicable to equity securities and credit and interest rate risks generally applicable to fixed-income securities. The value of preferred stock generally declines when interest rates rise and may react more significantly than bonds and other debt instruments to actual or perceived changes in the companys financial condition or prospects. Derivatives Risk. The Funds exposure to derivatives involves risks different from, or possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other investments. The use of derivatives can lead to losses because of adverse movements in the price or value of the security, instrument, index, currency, commodity, economic indicator or event underlying a derivative (reference instrument), due to failure of a counterparty or due to tax or regulatory constraints. Derivatives may create leverage in the Fund, which represents a non-cash exposure to the underlying reference instrument. Leverage can increase both the risk and return potential of the Fund. Derivatives risk may be more significant when derivatives are used to enhance return or as a substitute for a cash investment position, rather than solely to hedge the risk of a position held by the Fund. Use of derivatives involves the exercise of specialized skill and judgment, and a transaction may be unsuccessful in whole or in part because of market behavior or unexpected events. Changes in the value of a derivative (including one used for hedging) may not correlate perfectly with the underlying reference instrument. Derivative instruments traded in over-the-counter markets may be difficult to value, may be illiquid, and may be subject to wide swings in valuation caused by changes in the value of the underlying reference instrument. If a derivatives counterparty is unable to honor its commitments, the value of Fund shares may decline and the Fund could experience delays in (or be unable to achieve) the return of collateral or other assets held by the counterparty. The loss on derivative transactions may substantially exceed the initial investment. A derivative investment also involves the risks relating to the reference instrument underlying the investment. Short Sale Risk. The Fund will incur a loss as a result of a short sale if the price of the security sold short increases in value between the date of the short sale and the date on which the Fund purchases the security to replace the borrowed security. In addition, a lender may request, or market conditions may dictate, that securities sold short be returned to the lender on short notice, and the Fund may have to buy the securities sold short at an unfavorable price and/or may have to sell related long positions before it had intended to do so. The Fund may not be able to successfully implement its short sale strategy due to limited availability of desired securities or for other reasons. The Fund may also be required to pay a premium and other transaction costs, which would increase the cost of the security sold short. The amount of any gain will be decreased and the amount of any loss increased, by the amount of the premium, dividends, interest or expenses the Fund may be required to pay in connection with the short sale. Because losses on short sales arise from increases in the value of the security sold short, the Funds losses are potentially unlimited in a short sale transaction. Short sales could be speculative transactions and involve special risks, including greater reliance on the investment advisers ability to accurately anticipate the future value of a security. When-Issued and Forward Commitment Risk. Securities purchased on a when-issued or forward commitment basis are subject to the risk that when delivered they will be worth less than the agreed upon payment price. Money Market Instrument Risk. Money market instruments may be adversely affected by market and economic events, such as a sharp rise in prevailing short-term interest rates; adverse developments in the banking industry, which issues or guarantees many money market instruments; adverse economic, political or other developments affecting issuers of money market instruments; changes in the credit quality of issuers; and default by a counterparty. Calvert Flexible Bond Fund 6 Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2023