 The Fund may invest in derivative instruments, such as options, futures contracts (including index futures contracts), foreign forward currency exchange contracts or swap agreements (including credit default swaps). The use of these derivative transactions may allow the Fund to obtain net long or short exposures to select currencies, interest rates, countries, duration or credit risks. These derivatives may be used to seek to hedge against fluctuations in securities prices, interest rates, or currency exchange rates, enhance Fund returns, increase liquidity and/or gain exposure to certain instruments or markets (e.g., the corporate bond market) in a more efficient way. In addition, the Fund may invest in to-be- announced securities, including when-issued, delayed delivery and forward commitment securities, may invest in restricted securities and may engage in short sales up to 20% of its net assets. The Fund may also lend its securities. The Fund employs an absolute return investment approach. This means that the Fund benchmarks itself to an index of cash instruments, rather than a stock or bond market index, and seeks to achieve returns that exceed its benchmark and are largely independent of broad movements in stocks and bonds. The Funds benchmark is the ICE BofA 3-Month U.S. Treasury Bill Index. Investment decisions for the Fund are made primarily on the basis of fundamental and quantitative research conducted by the investment advisers research staff and consideration of the responsible investment criteria described below. Management of the Fund involves consideration of numerous factors (such as quality of business franchises, financial strength, management quality and security structural and collateral considerations). The portfolio managers may also use sector rotation and relative value strategies in their management of the Fund. The portfolio managers may sell a security when the investment advisers valuation target is reached, the fundamentals of the investment change or to pursue more attractive investment options. A security will also be sold (in accordance with the investment advisers guidelines and at a time and in a manner that is determined to be in the best interests of shareholders) if the investment adviser determines that the issuer does not operate in a manner consistent with the Funds responsible investment criteria. The portfolio managers intend to focus on risk management and also seek to preserve capital to the extent consistent with the Funds investment objectives. The Fund intends to seek to manage investment risk by maintaining broad issuer and industry diversification among its holdings, and by utilizing fundamental analysis of risk/return characteristics in securities selection. The Fund manages duration and any hedging of interest rate risk through the purchase and sale of U.S. Treasury securities and related futures contracts (which are a type of derivative instrument). Responsible Investing. The portfolio manager(s) seek to invest in companies that manage environmental, social and governance (ESG) risk exposures adequately and that are not exposed to excessive ESG risk through their principal business activities. Companies are analyzed by the investment advisers ESG analysts utilizing The Calvert Principles for Responsible Investment (Principles), a framework for considering ESG factors (a copy of which is included as an appendix to the Funds Prospectus). Each company is evaluated relative to an appropriate peer group based on material ESG factors as determined by the investment adviser. Pursuant to the Principles, the investment adviser seeks to identify companies and other issuers that operate in a manner that is consistent with or promotes environmental sustainability and resource efficiency, equitable societies and respect for human rights, and accountable governance and transparency. The Fund generally invests in issuers that are believed by the investment adviser to operate in accordance with the Principles and may also invest in issuers that the investment adviser believes are likely to operate in accordance with the Principles pending the investment advisers engagement activity with such issuer. Principal Risks Absolute Return Strategy. The Fund employs an absolute return investment approach. A fund that employs an absolute return strategy typically benchmarks itself to an index of cash instruments and seeks to achieve returns that are largely independent of broad movements in stocks and bonds. Unlike equity funds, such funds should not be expected to benefit from general equity market returns. Different from fixed income funds, such funds may not generate current income and should not be expected to experience price appreciation as interest rates decline. Although the Funds investment adviser seeks to maximize absolute return, the Fund may not generate positive returns and may suffer losses. Market Risk. The value of investments held by the Fund may increase or decrease in response to social, economic, political, financial, public health crises or other disruptive events (whether real, expected or perceived) in the U.S. and global markets and include events such as war, natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, terrorism, conflicts and social unrest. These events may negatively impact broad segments of businesses and populations and may exacerbate pre- existing risks to the Fund. The frequency and magnitude of resulting changes in the value of the Funds investments cannot be predicted. Certain securities and other investments held by the Fund may experience increased volatility, illiquidity, or other potentially adverse effects in reaction to changing market conditions. Monetary and/or fiscal actions taken by U.S. or foreign governments to stimulate or stabilize the global economy may not be effective and could lead to high market volatility. No active trading market may exist for certain investments held by the Fund, which may impair the ability of the Fund to sell or to realize the current valuation of such investments in the event of the need to liquidate such assets. Calvert Flexible Bond Fund 3 Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2023