 Example. This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the operating expenses remain the same and that any expense reimbursement arrangement remains in place for the contractual period. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be: Expenses with Redemption Expenses without Redemption 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years 10 Years 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years 10 Years Class A shares $416 $611 $822 $1,430 $416 $611 $822 $1,430 Class C shares $270 $529 $912 $1,787 $170 $529 $912 $1,787 Class I shares $68 $217 $378 $846 $68 $217 $378 $846 Class R6 shares $58 $185 $323 $725 $58 $185 $323 $725 Portfolio Turnover The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or turns over the portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Funds performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate was 93% of the average value of its portfolio. Principal Investment Strategies The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective through a flexible investment process that allocates investments across global fixed-income markets and uses various investment strategies. The Fund is not constrained in its management relative to a stock or bond market index. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (including borrowings for investment purposes) in bonds and/or instruments (including derivative instruments) that provide exposure to bonds. Bonds include debt securities of any maturity. The Fund may invest, without limitation, in below-investment grade, high-yield debt securities (commonly known as junk bonds), including distressed securities that are in default. The Fund, however, currently does not intend to invest more than 75% of its net assets in such securities. A debt security is considered below investment grade when assigned a credit quality rating below BBB- by S&P Global Ratings (S&P) or an equivalent rating by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO), including Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings, or Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC for securitized debt instruments only (such as asset-backed securities (ABS) and mortgage-backed securities (MBS)), or if unrated, considered to be of comparable credit quality by the Funds investment adviser. For purposes of rating restrictions, if securities are rated differently by two or more rating agencies, the highest rating is used. The Funds investments may include, but are not limited to the following: bonds issued by U.S. corporations, the U.S. government or its agencies, and U.S. government-sponsored entities (e.g., the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC)); debt or debt-related securities issued by foreign governments and corporations; trust preferred securities; taxable municipal securities; ABS, including commercial mortgage-backed securities; collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs); convertible bonds and other hybrid securities; investment companies, such as exchange-traded bond funds and closed-end bond funds; money market instruments; and loans. Under normal circumstances, the average portfolio duration of the Fund will vary from negative three (-3) years to positive eight (8) years. Average portfolio duration will vary depending on the portfolio managers outlook on changing market, economic, and political conditions. The Fund may invest up to 15% of its net assets in equity securities, including preferred and common stock. The Fund may also invest in foreign securities, and up to 50% of the Funds net assets may be invested in securities and instruments that are tied to emerging market countries. The Fund may purchase securities denominated in foreign currencies and U.S. dollar-denominated securities of foreign issuers (including depository receipts, such as American Depositary Receipts sponsored by U.S. banks and Global Depositary Receipts, that evidence ownership in underlying foreign stocks). Calvert Flexible Bond Fund 2 Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2023