 Foreign Investment Risk. Foreign investments can be adversely affected by political, economic and market developments abroad, including the imposition of economic and other sanctions by the United States or another country against a particular country or countries, organizations, entities and/or individuals. There may be less publicly available information about foreign issuers because they may not be subject to reporting practices, requirements or regulations comparable to those to which United States companies are subject. Adverse changes in investment regulations, capital requirements or exchange controls could adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. Foreign markets may be smaller, less liquid and more volatile than the major markets in the United States and, as a result, Fund share values may be more volatile. Trading in foreign markets typically involves higher expense than trading in the United States. The Fund may have difficulties enforcing its legal or contractual rights in a foreign country. Depositary receipts are subject to many of the risks associated with investing directly in foreign instruments, including the political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country and, in the case of depositary receipts traded on foreign markets, currency risk. Economic data as reported by sovereign entities may be delayed, inaccurate or fraudulent. In the event of a default by a sovereign entity, there are typically no assets to be seized or cash flows to be attached. Furthermore, the willingness or ability of a sovereign entity to restructure defaulted debt may be limited. Therefore, losses on sovereign defaults may far exceed the losses from the default of a similarly rated U.S. debt issuer. Emerging Markets Investment Risk. Investment markets within emerging market countries are typically smaller, less liquid, less developed and more volatile than those in more developed markets like the United States, and may be focused in certain sectors. Emerging market securities often involve greater risks than developed market securities. The information available about an emerging market issuer may be less reliable than for comparable issuers in more developed capital markets. Currency Risk. Exchange rates for currencies fluctuate daily. The value of foreign investments may be affected favorably or unfavorably by changes in currency exchange rates in relation to the U.S. dollar. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets and currency transactions are subject to settlement, custodial and other operational risks. Municipal Obligations Risk. The amount of public information available about municipal obligations is generally less than for corporate equities or bonds, meaning that the investment performance of municipal obligations may be more dependent on the analytical abilities of the investment adviser than stock or corporate bond investments. The secondary market for municipal obligations also tends to be less well-developed and less liquid than many other securities markets, which may limit the Funds ability to sell its municipal obligations at attractive prices. The differences between the price at which an obligation can be purchased and the price at which it can be sold may widen during periods of market distress. Less liquid obligations can become more difficult to value and be subject to erratic price movements. The increased presence of non- traditional participants (such as proprietary trading desks of investment banks and hedge funds) or the absence of traditional participants (such as individuals, insurance companies, banks and life insurance companies) in the municipal markets may lead to greater volatility in the markets because non-traditional participants may trade more frequently or in greater volume. Convertible and Other Hybrid Securities Risk. Convertible and other hybrid securities (including preferred and convertible instruments) generally possess certain characteristics of both equity and debt securities. In addition to risks associated with investing in income securities, such as interest rate and credit risks, hybrid securities may be subject to issuer-specific and market risks generally applicable to equity securities. Convertible securities may also react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to equity investing and market risks. A convertible security may be converted at an inopportune time, which may decrease the Funds return. Additional Risks of Loans. Loans are traded in a private, unregulated inter-dealer or inter-bank resale market and are generally subject to contractual restrictions that must be satisfied before a loan can be bought or sold. These restrictions may impede the Funds ability to buy or sell loans (thus affecting their liquidity) and may negatively impact the transaction price. See also Market Risk above. It also may take longer than seven days for transactions in loans to settle. Due to the possibility of an extended loan settlement process, the Fund may hold cash, sell investments or temporarily borrow from banks or other lenders to meet short-term liquidity needs, such as to satisfy redemption requests from Fund shareholders. The types of covenants included in loan agreements generally vary depending on market conditions, the creditworthiness of the issuer, the nature of the collateral securing the loan and possibly other factors. Loans with fewer covenants that restrict activities of the borrower may provide the borrower with more flexibility to take actions that may be detrimental to the loan holders and provide fewer investor protections in the event of such actions or if covenants are breached. The Fund may experience relatively greater realized or unrealized losses or delays and expense in enforcing its rights with respect to loans with fewer restrictive covenants. Loans to entities located outside of the U.S. may have substantially different lender protections and covenants as compared to loans to U.S. entities and may involve greater risks. The Fund may have difficulties and incur expense enforcing its rights with respect to non-U.S. loans and such loans could be subject to bankruptcy laws that are materially different than in the U.S. Loans may be structured such that they are not securities under securities law, and in the event of fraud or misrepresentation by a borrower, lenders may not have the protection of the anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws. Loans are also subject to risks associated with other types of income investments, including credit risk and risks of lower rated investments. Calvert Flexible Bond Fund 5 Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2023