 Restricted Securities Risk. Unless registered for sale to the public under applicable federal securities law, restricted securities can be sold only in private transactions to qualified purchasers pursuant to an exemption from registration. The sale price realized from a private transaction could be less than the Funds purchase price for the restricted security. It may be difficult to identify a qualified purchaser for a restricted security held by the Fund and such security could be deemed illiquid. It may also be more difficult to value such securities. Liquidity Risk. The Fund is exposed to liquidity risk when trading volume, lack of a market maker or trading partner, large position size, market conditions, or legal restrictions impair its ability to sell particular investments or to sell them at advantageous market prices. Consequently, the Fund may have to accept a lower price to sell an investment or continue to hold it or keep the position open, sell other investments to raise cash or abandon an investment opportunity, any of which could have a negative effect on the Funds performance. These effects may be exacerbated during times of financial or political stress. Securities Lending Risk. Securities lending involves a possible delay in recovery of the loaned securities or a possible loss of rights in the collateral if the borrower fails financially. The Fund could also lose money if the value of the collateral decreases. Risks Associated with Active Management. The success of the Funds investment strategy depends on portfolio managements successful application of analytical skills and investment judgment. Active management involves subjective decisions and there is no guarantee that such decisions will produce the desired results or expected returns. Responsible Investing Risk. Investing primarily in responsible investments carries the risk that, under certain market conditions, the Fund may underperform funds that do not utilize a responsible investment strategy. The application of responsible investment criteria may affect the Funds exposure to certain sectors or types of investments, and may impact the Funds relative investment performance depending on whether such sectors or investments are in or out of favor in the market. An investments ESG performance or the investment adviser's assessment of such performance may change over time, which could cause the Fund to temporarily hold securities that do not comply with the Funds responsible investment criteria. In evaluating an investment, the investment adviser is dependent upon information and data that may be incomplete, inaccurate or unavailable, which could adversely affect the analysis of the ESG factors relevant to a particular investment. Successful application of the Funds responsible investment strategy will depend on the investment adviser's skill in properly identifying and analyzing material ESG issues. General Fund Investing Risks. The Fund is not a complete investment program and there is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. It is possible to lose money by investing in the Fund. The Fund is designed to be a long-term investment vehicle and is not suited for short-term trading. Investors in the Fund should have a long-term investment perspective and be able to tolerate potentially sharp declines in value. Purchase and redemption activities by Fund shareholders may impact the management of the Fund and its ability to achieve its investment objective(s). In addition, the redemption by one or more large shareholders or groups of shareholders of their holdings in the Fund could have an adverse impact on the remaining shareholders in the Fund. The Fund relies on various service providers, including the investment adviser and sub-adviser, if applicable, in its operations and is susceptible to operational, information security and related events (such as public health crises, cyber or hacking attacks) that may affect the service providers or the services that they provide to the Fund. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Performance The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the Funds performance from year to year and how the Funds average annual returns over time compare with those of a broad-based securities market index. The returns in the bar chart are for Class A shares and do not reflect a sales charge. If the sales charge was reflected, the returns would be lower. Past performance (both before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. CRM became the investment adviser to the Fund on December 31, 2016. Performance for periods reflected prior to such date is that of the Funds former investment adviser. The Funds performance for certain periods reflects the effects of expense reductions. Absent these reductions, performance for certain periods would have been lower. Updated Fund performance information can be obtained by visiting www.calvert.com. Calvert Flexible Bond Fund 7 Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2023