 For purposes of the fund's 80% policy, net assets include the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes. Principal Risks As with any mutual fund, the fund may not achieve its objective and/or you could lose money on your investment in the fund. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. The principal risks of investing in the fund are: Investment Selection Risk: MFS' investment analysis and its selection of investments may not produce the intended results and/or can lead to an investment focus that results in the fund underperforming other funds with similar investment strategies and/or underperforming the markets in which the fund invests. Debt Market Risk: Debt markets can be volatile and can decline significantly in response to changes in, or investor perceptions of, issuer, market, economic, industry, political, regulatory, geopolitical, environmental, public health, and other conditions. These conditions can affect a single instrument, issuer, or borrower, a particular type of instrument, issuer, or borrower, a segment of the debt markets or the debt markets generally. Certain events can have a dramatic adverse effect on debt markets and may lead to periods of high volatility and reduced liquidity in a debt market or segment of a debt market. Interest Rate Risk: In general, the price of a debt instrument falls when interest rates rise and rises when interest rates fall. Interest rate risk is generally greater for instruments with longer maturities or durations, or that do not pay current interest. Credit Risk: The price of a debt instrument depends, in part, on the credit quality of the issuer, borrower, counterparty, or other entity responsible for payment, or underlying collateral or assets and the terms of the instrument. The price of a debt instrument can decline in response to changes in, or perceptions of, the financial condition of the issuer, borrower, counterparty, or other entity, or underlying collateral or assets, or changes in, or perceptions of, specific or general market, economic, industry, political, regulatory, geopolitical, environmental, public health, and other conditions. The credit quality of, and the ability to pay principal and interest when due by, an issuer of a municipal instrument depends on the credit quality of the entity supporting the municipal instrument, how essential any services supported by the municipal instrument are, the sufficiency of any revenues or taxes that support the municipal instrument, and/or the willingness or ability of the appropriate government entity to approve any appropriations necessary to support the municipal instrument. In addition, the price of a municipal instrument also depends on its credit quality and ability to meet the credit support obligations of any insurer or other entity providing credit support to a municipal instrument. Below investment grade quality debt instruments (commonly referred to as high yield securities or junk bonds) can involve a substantially greater risk of default or can already be in default, and their values can decline significantly. Below investment grade quality debt instruments are regarded as having predominantly speculative characteristics. Below investment grade quality debt instruments tend to be more sensitive to adverse news about the Page 2 of 4