 MFS Municipal High Income Fund issuer, or the market or economy in general, than higher quality debt instruments. Municipal Risk: The price of a municipal instrument can be volatile and significantly affected by adverse tax changes or court rulings, legislative or political changes, changes in specific or general market and economic conditions and developments, and the financial condition of municipal issuers and insurers. Because many municipal instruments are issued to finance similar projects, conditions in certain industries can significantly affect the fund and the overall municipal market. Municipal instruments may be more susceptible to downgrades or defaults during economic downturns or similar periods of economic stress, which in turn could affect the market values and marketability of many or all municipal obligations of issuers in a state, U.S. territory, or possession. For example, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has significantly stressed the financial resources of many municipal issuers, which may impair a municipal issuers ability to meet its financial obligations when due and could adversely impact the value of its bonds, which could negatively impact the performance of the fund. Focus Risk: The funds performance will be closely tied to the issuer, market, economic, industry, political, regulatory, geopolitical, environmental, public health, and other conditions in the states, territories, and possessions of the United States in which the fund's assets are invested. If MFS invests a significant percentage of the fund's assets in a single state, territory, or possession, or a small number of states, territories, or possessions, these conditions will have a significant impact on the fund's performance and the fund's performance may be more volatile than the performance of more geographically-diversified funds. Prepayment/Extension Risk: Instruments subject to prepayment and/or extension can reduce the potential for gain for the instruments holders if the instrument is prepaid and increase the potential for loss if the maturity of the instrument is extended. Derivatives Risk: Derivatives can be highly volatile and involve risks in addition to the risks of the underlying indicator(s) on which the derivative is based. Gains or losses from derivatives can be substantially greater than the derivatives original cost. Derivatives can involve leverage. Leveraging Risk: Leverage involves investment exposure in an amount exceeding the initial investment. Leverage can cause increased volatility by magnifying gains or losses. Counterparty and Third Party Risk: Transactions involving a counterparty or third party other than the issuer of the instrument are subject to the credit risk of the counterparty or third party, and to the counterpartys or third partys ability or willingness to perform in accordance with the terms of the transaction. Liquidity Risk: It may be difficult to value, and it may not be possible to sell, certain investments, types of investments, and/or investments in certain segments of the market, and the fund may have to sell certain of these investments at prices or times that are not advantageous in order to meet redemptions or other cash needs. Large Shareholder Risk: From time to time, shareholders of the fund (which may include institutional investors, financial intermediaries, or other MFS funds) may make relatively large redemptions or purchases of fund shares. These transactions may cause the fund to sell securities or invest additional cash, as the case may be, at disadvantageous prices. Redemptions of a large number of shares also may increase transaction and other costs or have adverse tax consequences for shareholders of the fund by requiring a sale of portfolio securities. Purchases of a large number of shares may adversely affect the fund's performance to the extent that it takes time to invest new cash and the fund maintains a larger cash position than it ordinarily would. Performance Information The bar chart and performance table below are intended to provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund by showing changes in the funds performance over time and how the funds performance over time compares with that of a broad measure of market performance and one or more other measures of performance for markets in which the fund may invest. The funds past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how the fund will perform in the future. Updated performance is available online at mfs.com or by calling 1-800-225-2606. Class A Bar Chart. The bar chart does not take into account any sales charges (loads) that you may be required to pay upon purchase or redemption of the funds shares. If these sales charges were included, they would reduce the returns shown. 